Functions Assignments
 1. Write a function which can return the sum of two numbers. 

function add(a,b){ 

………………… 

} 

var sum = add(45,67); 

console.log(sum); 

2. Write a function which can return the greatest of the three numbers passed in arguments. 

function compare(a,b,c){ 

………………… 

} 

var greatest = compare(45,67,23); 

console.log(greatest); 

3. Write a function which can print the given arguments in ascending order. 

function sortNums(a,b,c){ 

………………… 

} 

var ascending = sortNums(45,7,68); 

console.log(ascending); 

4. Write a function which can return the factorial of a number. 

function fact(a){ 

………………… 

} 

var factorial = fact(4); 

console.log(factorial); 

5. Write a function which can to return the reverse of a given number. 

function rev(a){ 

………………… 

} 

var reverse = rev(4); 

console.log(reverse); 

 

Level 1: Basic Functions (Beginner) 
These assignments focus on simple function creation, arithmetic operations,
and conditionals. 

1. Write a function to find the greatest of three numbers. 
Write a function to sort three numbers in ascending order. 
Write a function to return the factorial of a number. 
Write a function to reverse a given number. 
Write a function to check if a given number is a palindrome. 
Write a function to check if a number is prime. 
Write a function to return the number of digits in a number. 
Write a function to print all even numbers between 1 and 20. 
Write a function to calculate the cube of any number. 
 

Level 2: Intermediate Functions (Using Loops & Arrays) 
These assignments introduce loops, array operations, and higher-order
functions.  

Write a function to find the maximum number in an array. 
Write a function to find the minimum number in an array. 
Write a function to find the sum of all numbers in an array using reduce(). 
Write a function to find the product of all numbers in an array using a loop. 
Write a function to count the occurrences of a given number in an array. 
Write a function to remove duplicates from an array. 
Write a function to check if an array is sorted in ascending order. 
Write a function to merge two sorted arrays. 
Write a function to check if a number is an Armstrong number. 
Write a function to check if a number is a perfect number. 
 

Level 3: Advanced Functions (Recursion & Complex Operations) 
These assignments use recursion, mathematical operations, and multiple
function calls.  

Write a function to find the power of a number using recursion. 
Write a function to print all natural numbers up to n using recursion. 
Write a function to print all even/odd numbers in a given range using recursion. 
Write a function to find the sum of all numbers up to n using recursion. 
Write a function to find the sum of all even/odd numbers in a given range using recursion. 
Write a function to reverse a number using recursion. 
Write a function to check if a number is a palindrome using recursion. 
Write a function to find the sum of digits of a number using recursion. 
Write a function to find the factorial of a number using recursion. 
Write a function to generate the nth Fibonacci number using recursion. 
 

Level 4: Expert Functions (Algorithms & Complex Logic) 
These assignments involve mathematical logic, recursion, and array
manipulations.  

Write a function to find the GCD (HCF) of two numbers using recursion. 
Write a function to find the LCM of two numbers using recursion. 
Write a function to print all prime numbers between two given numbers. 
Write a function to print all Armstrong numbers between two numbers. 
Write a function to print all perfect numbers between two numbers. 
Write a function to display all array elements using recursion. 
Write a function to find the sum of elements in an array using recursion. 
Write a function to find the maximum and minimum elements in an array using recursion. 
Write a function to count how many times a given character appears in a string. 
Write a function to reverse a string using recursion. 
 

Level 5: Master Level (Using Higher-Order Functions & Objects) 
These assignments focus on advanced JavaScript concepts like higher-order
functions, map/filter/reduce, and object
manipulations.  

Use .reduce() to find the maximum value in an array. 
Use .reduce() to find the minimum value in an array. 
Use .reduce() to calculate the total sum of an array. 
Use .map() to create a new array of squared numbers. 
Use .filter() to return only even numbers from an array. 
Use .map() to capitalize the first letter of each word in an array of strings. 
Create a function that implements all array-based assignments using array methods. 
Create a function that implements all object-based assignments using object methods. 
Create a function that implements all string-based assignments using string methods. 
Implement a function that finds the longest word in a given sentence. 
 

Bonus Challenge: Ultimate Problem 
Write a function that takes a sentence as input and returns an object
containing: 

The total word count. 
The longest word. 
The shortest word. 
The average word length.  